my name is chris coste this is travis
haley
today we're gonna cover a lot of
fundamentals about your involvement with
aircraft
welcome to natural dynamics aerial
platform operations
this course it's about just the
fundamentals of building blocks of
aerial platform operations specifically
what we're gonna look at is mission
planning surveillance search-and-rescue
type operation maritime interdiction
operations proper employment of aircraft
your safety around the assay make sure
everything is retaining in this little
thing goes into the tail rotor what do
you guys think is going to happen this
will destroy an aircraft because the
success of that mission is going to be
dependent on the weapons that you choose
the m4 carbine what's our everyday use
weapon I'll have your weapon system like
this sem into the next weapon system is
both actual all right now we're gonna
move in a shotgun we'll get in some
accessories lasers night-vision optics
oyes you see somebody pop out and you
take a shot better damn sure be doing
what you need to be doing because that's
when your perspective of the battlefield
changes the better communication has the
better your survivability rates gonna be
you want to be able to see out there and
stay in the fight
Oh
you